feat: document linkedin v2 (#1682)
ory/docs: docs/kratos/social-signin/83_linkedin.mdx

<SocialSigninTroubleshooting />
```

## Legacy LinkedIn provider

The steps above describe the `linkedin_v2` provider. If your application currently uses the old `linkedin`, it will continue to

> work from our side. But if you need to change the settings or add a new provider, we suggest using the `linkedin_v2` provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work from our side. But if you need to change the settings or add a new provider, use the `linkedin_v2` provider.
```

IMO good to be explicit about it.
